## 253. Meeting Rooms II
https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms-ii/
## Description
Given an array of meeting time intervals intervals where intervals[i] = [starti, endi], return the minimum number of conference rooms required.
```
Example 1:

Input: intervals = [[0,30],[5,10],[15,20]]
Output: 2
```
```
Example 2:

Input: intervals = [[7,10],[2,4]]
Output: 1
```
## Method
Like other problems related with time schedule, we need to sort the starting time. In this problem, the end time is also needed to be considered, as it can influence the number of rooms.
When we select a meeting, we always need to check if there is a room become available. To know where is the room available, we use priority queue, we sort the end time, 
we put the minimum end time as the first, so we can always know if there is a room available through comparing the top queue with the meeting start time.

If the number we peek from the queue is larger than the current meeting's start time, we need to open another room and we push this time period to the queue. Else,
we can use the room and just update the queue.

## Java Code 
```
class Solution {
    public int minMeetingRooms(int[][] intervals) {
        Arrays.sort(intervals, new Comparator<int[]>() {
            @Override
            public int compare(int[] a1, int[] a2) {
                return a1[0] - a2[0];
            }
        });
        PriorityQueue<Integer> q = new PriorityQueue<>();
        if(intervals.length == 1) {
            return 1;
        }
        q.add(intervals[0][1]);
        for(int i = 1; i < intervals.length; i++) {
            if(intervals[i][0] < q.peek()) {
                q.add(intervals[i][1]);
            }
            else {
                q.poll();
                q.add(intervals[i][1]);
            }
        }
        return q.size();
    }
}

//10.43
//11.00
```
## Complexity
Time Complexity: O(NlogN)

There are two major portions that take up time here. One is array sort that would take O(NlogN). 
Another is the Priority Queue, insert or delete operation in queue is O(logN), and the worst case for it is that all N elements need to rearranged, so the time complexity is O(NlogN)

Space Complexity: O(N)

Because we construct the Priority Queue which contains N elements in the worst case.
